---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nginxproxymanager_access_list Data Source - nginxproxymanager"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This data source can be used to get information about a specific access list.
---

# nginxproxymanager_access_list (Data Source)

This data source can be used to get information about a specific access list.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "nginxproxymanager_access_list" "access_list" {
  id = 1
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (Number) The Id of the access list.

### Read-Only

- `access` (Attributes Set) The access items of the access list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access))
- `authorizations` (Attributes Set) The authorization items of the access list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authorizations))
- `created_on` (String) The date and time the access list was created.
- `meta` (Map of String) The meta data associated with the access list.
- `modified_on` (String) The date and time the access list was last modified.
- `name` (String) The name of the access list.
- `owner_user_id` (Number) The Id of the user that owns the access list.
- `pass_auth` (Boolean) Whether or not to pass the authorization header to the upstream server.
- `satisfy_any` (Boolean) Whether or not to satisfy any of the authorization items.

<a id="nestedatt--access"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access`

Read-Only:

- `address` (String) The address of the access item.
- `created_on` (String) The date and time the access item was created.
- `directive` (String) The directive of the access item.
- `id` (Number) The Id of the access item.
- `meta` (Map of String) The meta data associated with the authorization item.
- `modified_on` (String) The date and time the access item was last modified.


<a id="nestedatt--authorizations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authorizations`

Read-Only:

- `created_on` (String) The date and time the authorization item was created.
- `id` (Number) The Id of the authorization item.
- `meta` (Map of String) The meta data associated with the authorization item.
- `modified_on` (String) The date and time the authorization item was last modified.
- `password_hint` (String, Sensitive) The password hint of the authorization item.
- `username` (String) The username of the authorization item.
