---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nginxproxymanager_access_lists Data Source - nginxproxymanager"
subcategory: "Access Lists"
description: |-
  Access Lists data source
---

# nginxproxymanager_access_lists (Data Source)

Access Lists data source

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Fetch all access lists
data "nginxproxymanager_access_lists" "all" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `access_lists` (Attributes List) The access lists. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_lists))

<a id="nestedatt--access_lists"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_lists`

Read-Only:

- `access` (Attributes List) The access items of the access list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_lists--access))
- `authorization` (Attributes List) The authorization items of the access list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_lists--authorization))
- `created_on` (String) The date and time the access list was created.
- `id` (Number) The ID of the access list.
- `meta` (Map of String) The meta data associated with the access list.
- `modified_on` (String) The date and time the access list was last modified.
- `name` (String) The name of the access list.
- `owner_user_id` (Number) The ID of the user that owns the access list.
- `pass_auth` (Boolean) Whether or not to pass the authorization header to the upstream server.
- `satisfy_any` (Boolean) Whether or not to satisfy any of the authorization items.

<a id="nestedatt--access_lists--access"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_lists.access`

Read-Only:

- `address` (String) The address of the access item.
- `created_on` (String) The date and time the access item was created.
- `directive` (String) The directive of the access item.
- `id` (Number) The ID of the access item.
- `meta` (Map of String) The meta data associated with the authorization item.
- `modified_on` (String) The date and time the access item was last modified.


<a id="nestedatt--access_lists--authorization"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_lists.authorization`

Read-Only:

- `created_on` (String) The date and time the authorization item was created.
- `id` (Number) The ID of the authorization item.
- `meta` (Map of String) The meta data associated with the authorization item.
- `modified_on` (String) The date and time the authorization item was last modified.
- `password_hint` (String, Sensitive) The password hint of the authorization item.
- `username` (String) The username of the authorization item.
