---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nginxproxymanager_redirection_hosts Data Source - nginxproxymanager"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Redirection Hosts data source
---

# nginxproxymanager_redirection_hosts (Data Source)

Redirection Hosts data source

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Fetch all redirection hosts
data "nginxproxymanager_redirection_hosts" "all" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `redirection_hosts` (Attributes List) The redirection hosts. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--redirection_hosts))

<a id="nestedatt--redirection_hosts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `redirection_hosts`

Read-Only:

- `advanced_config` (String) The advanced configuration used by the redirection host.
- `block_exploits` (Boolean) Whether exploits are blocked for the redirection host.
- `certificate_id` (String) The ID of the certificate used by the redirection host.
- `created_on` (String) The date and time the redirection host was created.
- `domain_names` (List of String) The domain names associated with the redirection host.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the redirection host is enabled.
- `forward_domain_name` (String) The domain name used to forward requests to the redirection host.
- `forward_http_code` (Number) The HTTP code used to forward requests to the redirection host.
- `forward_scheme` (String) The scheme used to forward requests to the redirection host. Can be either `auto`, `http` or `https`.
- `hsts_enabled` (Boolean) Whether HSTS is enabled for the redirection host.
- `hsts_subdomains` (Boolean) Whether HSTS is enabled for subdomains of the redirection host.
- `http2_support` (Boolean) Whether HTTP/2 is supported for the redirection host.
- `id` (Number) The ID of the redirection host.
- `meta` (Map of String) The meta data associated with the redirection host.
- `modified_on` (String) The date and time the redirection host was last modified.
- `owner_user_id` (Number) The ID of the user that owns the redirection host.
- `preserve_path` (Boolean) Whether the path is preserved for the redirection host.
- `ssl_forced` (Boolean) Whether SSL is forced for the redirection host.


