---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nginxproxymanager_proxy_host Resource - nginxproxymanager"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manage a proxy host.
---

# nginxproxymanager_proxy_host (Resource)

Manage a proxy host.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Manage a proxy host
resource "nginxproxymanager_proxy_hosts" "example" {
  domain_names = ["example.com"]

  forward_scheme = "https"
  forward_host   = "example2.com"
  forward_port   = 443

  caching_enabled         = true
  allow_websocket_upgrade = true
  block_exploits          = true

  access_list_id = 0 # Publicly Accessible

  location {
    path           = "/admin"
    forward_scheme = "https"
    forward_host   = "example3.com"
    forward_port   = 443

    advanced_config = ""
  }

  certificate_id  = 0 # No Certificate
  ssl_forced      = false
  hsts_enabled    = false
  hsts_subdomains = false
  http2_support   = false

  advanced_config = ""
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `domain_names` (List of String) The domain names associated with the proxy host.
- `forward_host` (String) The host used to forward requests to the proxy host.
- `forward_port` (Number) The port used to forward requests to the proxy host. Must be between 1 and 65535.
- `forward_scheme` (String) The scheme used to forward requests to the proxy host. Can be either `http` or `https`.

### Optional

- `access_list_id` (Number) The ID of the access list used by the proxy host.
- `advanced_config` (String) The advanced configuration used by the proxy host.
- `allow_websocket_upgrade` (Boolean) Whether websocket upgrades are allowed for the proxy host.
- `block_exploits` (Boolean) Whether exploits are blocked for the proxy host.
- `caching_enabled` (Boolean) Whether caching is enabled for the proxy host.
- `certificate_id` (String) The ID of the certificate used by the proxy host.
- `hsts_enabled` (Boolean) Whether HSTS is enabled for the proxy host.
- `hsts_subdomains` (Boolean) Whether HSTS is enabled for subdomains of the proxy host.
- `http2_support` (Boolean) Whether HTTP/2 is supported for the proxy host.
- `location` (Block List) The locations associated with the proxy host. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--location))
- `ssl_forced` (Boolean) Whether SSL is forced for the proxy host.

### Read-Only

- `created_on` (String) The date and time the proxy host was created.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the proxy host is enabled.
- `id` (Number) The ID of the proxy host.
- `meta` (Map of String) The meta data associated with the proxy host.
- `modified_on` (String) The date and time the proxy host was last modified.
- `owner_user_id` (Number) The ID of the user that owns the proxy host.

<a id="nestedblock--location"></a>
### Nested Schema for `location`

Required:

- `forward_host` (String) The host used to forward requests to the location.
- `forward_port` (Number) The port used to forward requests to the location. Must be between 1 and 65535.
- `forward_scheme` (String) The scheme used to forward requests to the location. Can be either `http` or `https`.
- `path` (String) The path associated with the location.

Optional:

- `advanced_config` (String) The advanced configuration used by the location.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Proxy hosts can be imported by specifying the numeric identifier of the proxy host.
terraform import nginxproxymanager_proxy_hosts.example 1
```
