---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nginxproxymanager_user Resource - nginxproxymanager"
subcategory: "Users"
description: |-
  This resource can be used to manage a user.
---

# nginxproxymanager_user (Resource)

This resource can be used to manage a user.


## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "nginxproxymanager_user" "user" {
  name     = "John Doe"
  nickname = "john.doe"
  email    = "john.doe@example.com"

  is_admin = false

  permissions = {
    visibility = "all"

    proxy_hosts       = "manage"
    dead_hosts        = "manage"
    redirection_hosts = "manage"
    streams           = "manage"

    access_lists = "view"
    certificates = "view"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `email` (String) The email of the user.
- `name` (String) The name of the user.
- `nickname` (String) The nickname of the user.

### Optional

- `is_admin` (Boolean) Whether the user is an administrator.
- `is_disabled` (Boolean) Whether the user is disabled.
- `permissions` (Attributes) The permissions of the user. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--permissions))

### Read-Only

- `avatar` (String) The avatar of the user.
- `created_on` (String) The date and time the user was created.
- `id` (Number) The Id of the user.
- `modified_on` (String) The date and time the user was last modified.

<a id="nestedatt--permissions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `permissions`

Optional:

- `access_lists` (String) The permission value for the access lists. Must be one of `manage`, `view` or `hidden`.
- `certificates` (String) The permission value for the certificates. Must be one of `manage`, `view` or `hidden`.
- `dead_hosts` (String) The permission value for the dead hosts. Must be one of `manage`, `view` or `hidden`.
- `proxy_hosts` (String) The permission value for the proxy hosts. Must be one of `manage`, `view` or `hidden`.
- `redirection_hosts` (String) The permission value for the redirection hosts. Must be one of `manage`, `view` or `hidden`.
- `streams` (String) The permission value for the streams. Must be one of `manage`, `view` or `hidden`.
- `visibility` (String) The level of visibility for the user. Must be one of `user` or `all`.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Users can be imported by specifying the numeric identifier of the user.
terraform import nginxproxymanager_user.user 1
```
